Mr. Feixiang, you are here.
What's going on here?
Lord Feixiang, this kid impersonates the Lord God
And can't pull out the sword
Don't be deceived by him
Do you think
I can't even tell if the teacher is real or fake
Sir Feixiang, how dare I question you?
Right? What do you mean?
Sir Feixiang, listen to me
This kid is good at acting
And there are also 9 adults next to them giving instructions
That's a professional actor
Everyone around him was deceived by him
Oh my lord flying
You haven't seen the Lord God for so long
You were deceived by them, and that's normal.
General Xu Shaode has already said it himself
God is not false
You still say that?
Are you questioning the Flying General?
He's a counterfeit
Boy, didn't you say you are Lord God?
Didn't you say you could pull the Excalibur?
Come on, do it!
Xu Shaode
Interrupting the ceremony is punishable
Flying Lord
As long as you can hand over this counterfeit
I'd rather be punished by this
What a pity!
Some people just don't dare to draw this sword
Weren't you pretty awesome before?
Draw your sword!
What's the hurry?
It's not too late to pull out when you've got everyone together
I'm afraid you can't pay the price
Hahaha
There is nothing in this world that I am afraid of
If you have the ability, pull this sword out
I can afford it
Oh, everybody.
Do you all want to see Lord God draw his sword?
Oh Lord God
Didn't you say you were real?
Then prove it to Young Master Xu
That's right if you dare not draw your sword
That is a false god
brother
You bring out a fake Lord God
What do you mean?
Fool us
Just fooling fools
Just fool us, boy
Do you hear me?
Everyone is waiting for you to draw your sword.
Shut up, this is the scene of the lockdown
Wait so loud
Do you want to go to Zhao Prison?